hard one today we're going to do a
tutorial on the main challenge oh yeah
so we gonna do elbow strike tutorial on
simple steps so the first thing that you
always need to long to Astoria
stretch it stretch always this because
you don't want to break your arm elbow
practice like you might not get it today
but this is a really cool description
triple-s
back of the queue okay the first thing
that are we going to do is put your
hands separate don't put it like this to
pull it like that or just put a normal
okay so don't play but I could this not
like that not like that not like that
like that separate and just normal like
that you're gonna keep
so to get your elbows can be like much
longer I know you guys are trying to
make your head your elbow stammer longer
but when you're doing your elbow turn
this is time to need to be please try to
keep your freedom trying to kick one
okay so don't try to like I know that
you might fall back so try to quickly go
to a bridge so now I'm going to show you
my demonstration of my elbows okay so
the first step try to put your hands up
right kick run hard
so um how to keep the elbow stand more
longer I call your so it's really
tilting your lip down just looking down
you can also put in your head look you
head up
to hold your hand senator
you can pick it up any way you want to
look up or lift em if you want to do it
up to the heavens in time still going to
do not reason but I actually keep it on
sometimes protect you when my feet on
top mm it's just a head and it goes all
the way up the car also you can also do
positions
you might feel like that so that's one
try to do they take out so when you foul
try it out always put your hands like
weight like that put your hands really
close naps or can when you hurt yourself
it's really for you okay so thanks for
watching and